Update docs for cert_check flag (#1385)
minio/minio-py: docs/API.md

| `region`        | _str_                             | (Optional) Region name of buckets in S3 service.                                 |
| `http_client`   | _urllib3.poolmanager.PoolManager_ | (Optional) Customized HTTP client.                                               |
| `credentials`   | _minio.credentials.Provider_      | (Optional) Credentials provider of your account in S3 service.                   |

> | `cert_check`    | _bool_                            | (Optional) Flag to indicate if SSL certificate of S3 endpoint should verified.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cert_check`    | _bool_                            | (Optional) Flag to check on server certificate for HTTPS connection.   |
```
